Rowdie < > James | Njin x Fox - April 20
VIEW RECORDING - 44 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/Za6bxn9xD8T_qfFu6xD2-QtGF2NYyvFi

---

0:00 - Rowdie Lang
  Don't stress. Ah,  hell.

0:03 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  How's it going? It's good.

0:05 - Rowdie Lang
  How are you? Yeah, good.

0:08 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Good conversation with Paige this morning. She does sound like she is on it.

0:13 - Rowdie Lang
  Yes, yeah, definitely. I got a little download on it. Sounds like it's going well.

0:17 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Yeah, cool. That's good. I just kind of like being an entrepreneur and owning multiple businesses. I'm like, this is where I'm at.  But honestly, I could pretty much engineer anything you want in terms of wage or whatever. It's pretty easy for six months to pay you whatever you want, within reason, as long as it doesn't go on indefinitely.  Exactly.

0:43 - Rowdie Lang
  No, I think what she said to me was there's plenty of options. Options are a good thing. Yeah, I've got Xavier here as well.

0:50 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Hi, Xavier. You're on mute, mate, but okay. It's awesome.

0:58 - xavier ybanez
  Hi, Odie. Bye, buddy. How's it going?

1:02 - Rowdie Lang
  Good, how are you?

1:03 - xavier ybanez
  Yeah, doing great to you guys then.

1:06 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  I gave him T-minus two minutes of notice. I was like, maybe you should hop onto this meeting, Xavier. Okay, cool.

1:15 - Rowdie Lang
  He enjoys the challenge. All right, bring it on. All right, I do have an agenda.

1:20 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  So let's talk through these points as quickly as we can. So, marketing plan. Do you have an idea of what you want to do for the rest of the year?

1:35 - Rowdie Lang
  I have an idea for what we kind of want to do for the next quarter because, obviously, we've only just gone and gotten our new marketing system that I've been building put in place, which allows us to get better insights and reporting and has an auditor and things on there to help us be able to make better decisions when it comes to content.  How that kind of looks is that it runs, pulls the data out of like SEMrush. Google GA4, Google Search Console, and then gives us the idea is we've got social content to post off the back of that that aligns with the long-form blog copy content that it creates, which has an EDM that ties through to it that can be targeted to a specific ICA in our database.  And then that's really what we've got set up at the moment as far as when you talk about a marketing plan because we haven't delved into doing too much with paid or anything yet.  And previously with the marketing guy that we had, he would do maybe one blog every fortnight and the social content was pretty slim.  So even with what we're stepping up to at the moment, this is substantially more when we're talking about content that's aligned with keywords and all those sorts of things happening basically weekly.

2:53 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  So what I highly recommend then aligned with what you're doing there is To You should have a topic per week, which is kind of what you're saying you've got.  Each topic should have an action, right? So, and I highly recommend this be like what I was talking about, like a micro magnet.  A calculator, a free guide, a video. Like this is for free, right? So you don't have to recreate the wheel and it be like ultra valuable every single time.  You have to actually, you're not just farming out AI slop, but it's like, you know, if you plan out the campaign topic for a week with preferably a blog coming in pretty soon on in the week and then have that CTA in the blog, CTA in the social posts, CTA in the email blast that you send out and just get people using.  That thing, because in the world where AI is everywhere, people are writing content in minutes, not days, as you were saying, like, it really means nothing other than to the algorithm bots.  Yeah. Yeah. What you need is that, like, about high value. I'm going to put my details in or I've already got the detail, you know, I'm already signed in, so I'm going to get access to this thing.  Yep.

4:29 - Rowdie Lang
  Okay. So how would we go about that? Because it's kind of like a mini lead magnet, right? Yeah, it's exactly a mini lead magnet.

4:36 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Yeah.

4:37 - Rowdie Lang
  And presumably, like, with the way the system works, we've got, I've got it pulling questions that people are searching in, like, Reddit and Quora and all those sorts of things relevant to finance in Australia so that whatever people are asking questions about is what we can be creating content about.  Yeah. So that it's actually relevant, not just what we think based on the time of year. Yeah. Yeah. So...  It'd be about us figuring out how to take whatever that question is that we're answering and turning that into something.  I've got a meeting tomorrow with Emma from your CEO mentor at, I'll just check my calendar, 10 o'clock, to go through putting together some actual proper lead magnets.  So, I mean, if you've got any ideas, I can take that into that, catch up with her as well.

5:22 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Like, how do you think we could approach that?

5:25 - Rowdie Lang
  What time?

5:25 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  10.

5:27 - Rowdie Lang
  10 o'clock. You can jump in.

5:32 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Yeah, sign me up.

5:33 - Rowdie Lang
  All right, cool. Cool. I don't think I can add people to the link, can I? She's going to have to, oh, let me have a look.  Hold on. Hold on a second. Can I join your meeting with Rowdie tomorrow at 10?

5:47 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Send. We shall see. She'll be fine. I doubt. She loves lead magnets. Like, she's, I've been talking so much to her about these micro.  Of course, are you serious?

6:03 - Rowdie Lang
  That's so quick. Lead magnets.

6:07 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Let's  go. Yeah.

6:10 - Rowdie Lang
  Cool. Cool.

6:12 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  How exciting. Okay. Um, so then if we're doing lead magnets, I'll, I'll assume that we are, but essentially we need to have that proper pre-sale strategy that I mentioned where we're going to be taking in email, maybe email and phone and then, um, engaging them to get to a certain point.  Yep. Once we understand what those lead magnets are as well, we can kind of work out what the general feel of that, um, nurture sequence should be.  Uh, and it says a little bit like, I'm going to need, I mean, I know what's good. Emma knows what's good, but you know, what works in the industry.  People are going to be like, if we answer a certain question and I, and I assume that these topics should be like high level, broad question.  Right. They're not like bottom of the funnel where it's like this question is going to lead to an application.  It's at the top of the funnel where it's like, oh, we're just adding to our email list. Yeah.

7:12 - Rowdie Lang
  It just depends, right? Because there could be so many different ones when you think about the different landing pages and things that they're associated with and the different blog topics.  Like one of the questions that's popped up now two weeks in a row as being one of the most searched questions is what you need to qualify for an electric car loan, for an EV loan, because there seems to be this consensus with people that you need to be earning over $100,000 a year to be able to apply for one.  Weird. I never ever would have thought that, but some people are searching for it like mad.

7:45 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Interesting. Okay. So that would be more of a bottom of funnel, because assume if you answer that question and they qualify for it, then the next thing is getting a loan, which you would do, right?  Potentially, unless I've got more questions.

8:00 - Rowdie Lang
  Yeah, they always have more questions, but that's, do you know what I mean?

8:04 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Like intent-wise, somebody is looking for a way to get an electric car. Yeah.

8:12 - Rowdie Lang
  I've had like 161% increase in search volume since Feb. You know why, right?

8:19 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Yeah, because these ones are expensive. Yes, because of Mr. Trump. Yes. His agenda through all the world, which, by the way, I think he's probably on his way.  Like he's literally, he's got Venezuela and all of the oil reserves. He's blocked off all of the Middle East, so they can't really supply oil anywhere, making America the go-to.  He's going to want to extend this war as long as it can go.

8:54 - Rowdie Lang
  Yeah, because he's escorting ships through the canal now, isn't he? Yeah, I think so.

8:59 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Yeah. For a premium, he is a dickhead in my view, but like him or people behind him are exceptionally smart.  Yeah. More like the people behind him. Yeah. Yeah, agreed. All right.

9:16 - Rowdie Lang
  So as far as marketing plan goes, because if we can get that right, that kind of starts to test the premise for us doing better sales funnels when it comes to anything paid.  And so if we can start to see some traction with people putting in their phone number and their email address for these mini magnets or lead magnets, that gives us kind of a good place to jump from, I guess.

9:40 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Yeah. I think we just need to, it sounds to me like we're going to get topics that are all stages of the funnel.  So we might have to have multiple pre-sales. Give second. Give me a second.

9:59 - Rowdie Lang
  I'm just going to. Pull up what the most recent ones were. Too many tabs open. Far out. Strategy. New.  Memory. Ah, found it. Strategic. Cool. Who's that in the background?

10:38 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Can you hear stuff? Can you hear stuff? That's not even close. My son's just come home from school and they've just walked through the garage into the garden where my door is next to.  Ah, gotcha. Okay.

10:54 - Rowdie Lang
  All right. So let me give you some examples of what.

11:00 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  I reckon, Rowdie, let's leave this till tomorrow because it's a broader conversation of which you're going to repeat with Emma anyway.  I don't have super long on this call, so I've got quite a few more questions to ask you. Is that right?  Far away.

11:14 - Rowdie Lang
  But if you could put into your wrap-up of this meeting when you send the email through to have that stuff ready, that'd be good as a reminder just in case it's off my radar.  Yeah, no problem. But you're not getting my emails.

11:28 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  When you send them from Engine, I am.

11:30 - Rowdie Lang
  It's just your other one. Ah, yeah, okay, fair. And it was getting picked up because even the meeting invite that you sent through, I had to release out of the spam filter.  Right, okay, cool. I'll do it through Engine next time and Teams.

11:44 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  George would kill me if he knew I was using Google. hates it. All right, cross-sell. I've been racking my brain on how this should actually work.  how should racking this actually work. I've you. Because obviously what you've designed is a nurture sequence, which is awesome.  And we don't really need to visualize that. That can just happen in the background, triggered by the points, and it's just stock standard, right?  Without the vibe-coded front end, I don't see a huge amount of value in creating a separate pipeline just for it.  But the thing is, what we want to do is make sure that in sending those emails, that we're getting some sort of reply.  Yep. And then in that reply, those that reply should go into the cross-sell pipeline. And so then I see that the difficulty is that you're going to be sending emails literally across that whole year and multiple different or eight.  18 months, whatever it was, multiple different ICAs. So the question is, how do we create a pipeline that actually caters for them entering this pipeline from all the possible angles that they can enter?  And then in terms of content, what's the next stage for you? So, okay, let's answer that one. So when they reply to the email, is the goal just to get them on the call?

13:29 - Rowdie Lang
  Normally, it would, I mean, in an ideal world, we're reaching out to them and we're trying to do the cross-sell so that they're ready to talk to the other team.  Yeah. Yeah. So let's say they're landing the cross-sell pipeline.

13:41 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Do you have somebody that's going to go, boom, pick up a call? Yeah, definitely. Yeah. So we can have instant email, instant SMS, and then have them sit in a call pipeline.  That's pretty easy. It's like, oh, I've got your email. We'd love to chat to you about this in person.  And then an SMS going, oh, just got your email, sent you an invite, blah, blah, blah. Better if that has some sort of calendar that they can book, but also have that then sit in a pipeline for somebody to pick up the phone and give them a call.

14:22 - Rowdie Lang
  Yeah, it's probably more an option of the two, like an option if they want someone to reach out to them ASAP.  Because remember that a lot of the majority of the customers that we have in here, we've gone through a pretty manual process as far as we talked to them the whole way through.  It's only been recently that we've had the online application and bits and pieces come in. So if they responded to the email and they said, yep, let's do it, we'd want to be able to actually call them straight away and jump on that.  Whereas if they don't want to call right now and they want to say when they're available, that's kind of the other way, I think we could meet them.

14:58 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  So from a psychological perspective. As of view, people take action when they're in momentum, right? So if somebody replies to this email, we track it, we can ping them over a...  Okay, what's your time period between when they reply and when you guys are going to be legitimately, consistently able to phone them?

15:21 - Rowdie Lang
  As long as we've got a notification to ping that the customer's replied to it and it pops into a different pipeline or a different view or something like that, it's the same as we have in here at the moment, which is within 15 minutes and ideally kind of like within 10.  It's pretty quick.

15:35 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Okay. So then we can, instead of auto-replying via email, we can leave it to you guys to have a go and then we send the email after...  Okay, we need to be careful. I was going to say after 15 minutes, but then if they're on the call in 15 minutes, it's going to be a bit weird, isn't it?

15:56 - Rowdie Lang
  Do we kind of do it that it's that response to them straight Right away to say, you know, we could have someone in the team or whoever, reach out to them now if they're free, or give them an option for when suits them.

16:09 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  So it's more like, this is awesome, we'll get one of the guys to call you ASAP, if the reason can't get you, you can always book a time here.  Yeah.

16:19 - Rowdie Lang
  Cool. I think that works well. Yeah. All right. That's easy.

16:24 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  And then something similar via SMS. Yeah. And then it'll sit in the call. They'll be trained on how to, I guess they're already trained on leaving voicemails.  Yeah.

16:35 - Rowdie Lang
  This whole pipeline, the cross-sell and the nurture, all it's doing is it's putting some actual structure behind what the team already does in here.  So it's not foreign. It's just, it's not mapped out well at the moment. Okay.

16:50 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  So I'll draft something up and then you'll just run it against what you're already doing. What happens if they don't reply?  Sorry. What happens if they don't pick up? Well, let's say this is the home loans thing, right?

17:05 - Rowdie Lang
  This is the 18 months that we're talking about, the nurture sequence in there, cross-referral? Yeah, but it's going to have to go both ways, right?  Yeah, but it looks different on both sides because if you settle a loan in home loans, you've got reason to be actually adding value every three months because you can reprice.  There's all sorts of other things you can do with a home loan that allow us to add value consistently.  Whereas in asset, you settle your loan, if it's a car loan, you know, we'll look to refinance in six to 12 months, ideally 12 months.  But it's not a whole lot of nurture that happens in and around that car loan outside of the first month after settlement.  We touch base to make sure it's all gone good and they've still got it. And then at that point, we're staying in contact with them in FFG around things they might find valuable, depending on their ICA, that allows us to get them to come back through that team.  So if they settle for a car loan, we can get them to come back for debt. Consolidation or something along those lines.  But then that's just repeat in FFG and nurture in FFG. The way to get them across over into home loans is that we're trying to identify very quickly which one of the purchase types they would be.  So first home buyer, new purchase, refinance, investor or commercial. And then we're trying to close that loop at the settlement call to say, you know, we're going to get part of this is you get to talk to the home loans team.  This is what it's going to look like. And we'll book a time and we try to get them across into the home loans team early to talk to them.  And then it might be, you know, a couple of months until they're ready to move ahead. But that's how we try and introduce them to the home loans team earlier on.  If that makes sense.

18:46 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Yeah.

18:47 - Rowdie Lang
  So it's not just done purely by email nurture and they find out all of a sudden we have a home loans team.  Like part of this build out is to get the team to recognize earlier in the phone call based on what's in the ICA that's sent across to you, James.  There's like red, not red flags, the identifiers for the ICA. And then knowing that that's the journey they're going to go on so we can start planting those seeds throughout the app call so that by the time we get to settlement, it's a really organic transition across is the plan.  Because then the nurture is more about repeat through FFG and then we can introduce the cross-sell at some point.  Versus in FHL, it's about nurture for the 18 months with cross-sell happening at like 9 to 12 months is normally where they'll jump across over into FFG.  So they're a little different.

19:38 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Is there a reason why you're not looking at like consolidation of debt by... What do mean? Like in FFG?  Yep. No, sorry, in Fox Home Loans? Yep. You know, is there a reason why you're not doing that like straight away?

20:01 - Rowdie Lang
  Um, not really. Part of the, the, the thing is in home loans, if someone's got lots of debts everywhere, part of what we'll quite often do is already mop that up if it's a refinance and things like that.  Um, and normally if they've got lots of debts and it's a problem, they'll actually go to Fox Finance Group first to get them a consolidation and then come back to home loans anyway.  So it's the, the ones that would end up coming back through for a debt consolidation straight after settlement would be something where maybe they've only got two or three debts that didn't really need to be consolidated and didn't cause concern in the application and then we would then be prompting them on.  So you could still do it. And your flag would be the fact that you've got unsecured debts or car loans and things like that.  What are you thinking?

20:53 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Well, I think you're already doing what I was thinking, which was, uh, um, Doing it straight away, which is what I meant.  Like you chuck them over into FFG and they get resolved prior to... Sorry, gents. I'll just turn 3CX off.

21:10 - Rowdie Lang
  I can't hear anything.

21:12 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  And I can.

21:14 - Rowdie Lang
  It's loud. Must be coming through your headphones.

21:19 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  It is.

21:20 - Rowdie Lang
  You keep going.

21:24 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Anyway, you're doing what I was thinking about anyway. What we need to understand is how we're going to get this data into GHL.  So my understanding is that your guys are flagging certain elements on the calls, or at least that's what you're training them to do.  Correct. Yeah. So we're going to have a greater picture of where they are based on, call it tags, but we'll be doing, as I mentioned, conditional fields kind of thing.  Yep. So we need to structure that data. And right now, it's okay to say hypothetically to see the nurture sequence, but now we need to know what piece of data sends them along what journey.  Yep. And we need the journey for both home loans and finance.

22:22 - Rowdie Lang
  So we would be able to do, with Ambition at the moment, they're doing like another launch of their system in the next couple of months, which apparently has got better API.  But just for the moment, I would be able to export an actual CSV as like a weekly part of what I do.  Yeah. Which would have all of the information that we need to verify the ICA. So for example, if they're asset backed, so they've already got a home loan, that would tag them as being someone that can go across over into the refinance, like straight away.  That's where they would go. Because new purchase... This is really only getting flagged if they mention something around it when the team are introducing home loans to them.  And how are you flagging that manually?

23:08 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Yeah. But the problem, it's not a problem. It's just, it's going to be more effort on your part. With the other system, there's not much point in talking about it, but we could use AI to categorize these things, right?  As the information comes in, we could sweep it and it's more of a language-based, not always 100% right, but much easier to run system.  With this, it's like one plus one equals two and there is no gray area. So we need to go like, these are the items that are critical against each name.  Again, one for home loans, one for finance. And then we need to go, if this one and not these, then go here.  And if, and if... These two, but not these, then go here. Like, unfortunately, we need, like, old-school, horrible matrix that literally leaves no doubt.

24:12 - Rowdie Lang
  Yeah, got to work with what we've got.

24:18 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Yeah. Problem is, it's all in your head, so I think you're the only person who can do it. That's all right.  That's my job.

24:29 - Rowdie Lang
  Okay, good. As long as you're happy.

24:31 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Well, could talk it through with Claude and just keep talking until it puts something visual in place that we can take and implement into GHL.

24:41 - Rowdie Lang
  What do you mean as far as something that could pull apart the settled data and know which ICA it matches to and give it to us in a better list?

24:49 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Yeah, go to Claude, co-work in a particular folder that has all of the ICAs, all of the nurture sequences, example data sets.  And then and then say to it, you know, like, what are the data metrics that we need to have in GHL first?  And then so get your list for each one. Once you've got the list, then then you need to go and say to it.  OK, so based on the information that you have here, we need to do a scenario, a logical matrices, matrix or matrices scenario.  Where it's like when we have this item, this item, it goes into this email sequence. And then so it's going to create a draft.  Some of it will be right. Some of it's wrong. And then you just dictate to it and keep dictating to it.  And so that's that we feel that I think that'll probably be quicker than you actually doing it by hand.  But yeah, it depends whether it twigs early or not. If it really struggles with the concept, then you might just be quicker doing it by hand.  Maybe.

25:56 - Rowdie Lang
  I mean, something to consider is it realistic. Basically, if they settle in Fox Finance Group, so in the asset team, and we identify they're good for refinance, for example, really the only thing I think that that's going to change in their journey is that when we're sending them blog content and those sorts of things or educational content, we're going to send them things that match to that ICA, all that purchase type, sorry.  Because when you tag them going into Fox Home Loans, it's literally just done off purchase type, which is easy, super easy.  Is it a new purchase? Is it an investment purchase? Is it a commercial purchase? Or is it a first home buyer?

26:39 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Yeah, but you're also getting that misinformation that you picked up from the calls, right? So where are they with debt?  You know, are they wanting to, um, lost the word, were you? It's all about health better. Well, yeah.

27:00 - Rowdie Lang
  I think even in home loans, if we can just get that part right, matching them to the purchase type, that's a huge improvement.  Even keeping the other parts still more manual around consolidation because they're normally going to know that. Those sorts of things are kind of going to be if the team are talking to someone and they express explicitly that that's what they want to do, which kind of overrides the regular purchase type journey, if that makes sense, because you're throwing something else in the mix that now they've said that they want to do.  So maybe if we just get the nurture right first and then we can look at that, I'm not sure.

27:37 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  The purchase type is easy, right? But it will be a very bog standard and low success nurture sequence because you'll be talking too broadly.  Doing things at scale, the more you can personalize those things at scale, the more likely they are to have a positive effect.  So from my view, from day dot, we need to... Have the kind of things that you guys are looking to collect, the kind of things that send it off in a different direction.  We can always have a redundancy built in that if none of this stuff exists, then it just goes into the ICA nurture.  But we all want to know them else. This is how we get real value. And there's no point in doing this without starting there because we could run this for two months and then decide we're going to do what I'm talking about.  And then we have to backtrack and historically fill in all of those details. It'll be crap. No, don't do that.  I agree. Okay.

28:45 - Rowdie Lang
  So it's around how we log whatever observation we've got about the customer and what they're looking for or what pipe one they fit into and then how that data is put into the system.  Yeah.

29:00 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Yeah. So then data integration. So Ambition, CSV, Infinity? CSV, same.

29:12 - Rowdie Lang
  Okay. Similar to Ambition, though, in that the other company, LMG, they're just getting back to me on what their API ability is like.  They seem pretty positive that they would be able to organize that. So I'll wait and see. Which is the one that you were considering and changing?

29:27 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  I know you're not anymore. Oh, was still, yeah, yeah.

29:32 - Rowdie Lang
  It's just, it's a big, big thing to change. So we're just working our way through it. Yeah.

29:39 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  So we need access to SendGrid. Now assume, assume that's probably going to be the initial place where we export data from into GHL.  So the very first thing that we need to do is map all of the data points that you have in SendGrid.  And in. Potentially.

30:03 - Rowdie Lang
  think for the thing you've got is that SendGrid's got data that's from Ambition. So from Ambition Cloud, our current system that we use in our set.  But it's also got free Ambition data and bits and pieces in it as well. So when we talk about what I can pull out of Ambition, that's where I can actually pull reports that give us like credit score, household income, like really good specific data.  When you're talking about being able to make an avatar of someone. So yeah, it exists in SendGrid, but I would almost be more inclined to say pull the bulk CSV data out of Ambition so we can pull it with all of those things in nice clean rows.  Because then you'll get the customer name and all of those other attributes for them. Whereas in SendGrid right now, you'll get the customer name, their email, their phone number, what they applied for, not too much else outside of that, the loan amount maybe.  Because if we did, you pull all the SendGrid stuff out, and then we go and pull all the Ambition stuff out, it'll just double up, won't it?

31:06 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  No. So, no. It will be easier to get it out of SendGrid because of the APIs. And if we can do a basic data mapping to make sure we have all of the fields from SendGrid as an initial movement over, then when we will go to enrich that data with the extra stuff that you have in Ambition, then assuming that the email and the name match up, it will just add data points.  Okay. Cool. That makes sense. That's why I think SendGrid just getting it, that being the first step, would probably be the best step.  Yep. The other thing is, just talking about data risk and compliance and all of that, we definitely want to be picky with what we move over in terms of sensitive data.  Anything that we can use as a trigger point, anything that's vital to the marketing. And that's, again, a reason why we need to agree it now.  What we don't want to do is throw over redundant information from a marketing perspective, but that might well be sensitive to a client perspective.  Because, you know, although anything is safe, you know, the moment that you add, like these CRMs are safe, they're ISO compliant, all of that.  But the moment that you add this system in, then it's another set of logins that could be stolen. It's a, you know, like AI is going mental.  another thing that could be breached. So we need to weigh up the value of the data versus the risk of the data.  So, again, I don't want to be this guy, but this is why we're much better to have it in a more secure, centralized position where you only get specific people have access.  Because then we could run all of those kind of like cool profiling things through AI, and it could just be like you, Nathan, and Matt.  That has access. I mean, we can still do that later. We should still do that later. Yeah, I agree.  With Go High Level, let's just be picky with what we put in, only the true necessities.

33:14 - Rowdie Lang
  So the easiest way to do that is to look at the ICA data I sent across and then literally just tick through it and go, that's key, that's key, that's nice to have, don't really need that to define the ICA.  And then we would be able to get whatever's going to be the safest collaboration of the data, I reckon.

33:33 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  It's the easiest way to do it. Sweet. That sounds good. Yeah. Is that something you're going to do?

33:41 - Rowdie Lang
  That's all right. As long as you send it to me so I know I've got to do it, then I can get it Yeah, I'll give you a list.

33:47 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  My Fathom is there, ready to take notes. Okay, cool.

33:53 - Rowdie Lang
  Yeah, I need to pick your brain on how I can set myself up better with that stuff. When it comes to getting...  E-mails and bits and pieces actioned and recordings and bits and pieces out of meetings. So I'll pick your brain on that.

34:05 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Yeah, when I have a bit of open space, we'll do a couple of hours just free workshop where I'll show you more of the setups that I'm doing.  Like I've now got people paying upwards of 27k to build these frameworks. A little bit like what you've put together yourself, but most people do not have the time, the knowledge.  Well, you don't have the time, but you just have the knowledge and the drive to actually do it. Right.  Most people are so snowed under. They don't know where to start. They're scared of it all. So they just bury their heads in the sand.  And so when you think about the value of just the marketing one that you're going to do and you start thinking, OK, well, you know, if you were a non-techie founder, maybe slightly older, would you pay 27k if it was going to yield thousands and thousands of dollars of return?  Yeah, would. Yeah, you would. would. Yeah, you Yeah, exactly. So anyway, that wasn't a pitch to you. We'll do it for free.  You'll come in and maybe you don't drink, do you? Not really, no.

35:11 - Rowdie Lang
  Come in the afternoon, I'll have a cup of tea.

35:13 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  All right. Big food. Food's good. Yeah, food. Food? Yeah, okay. We'll go for dinner. Sounds good. That's way better.  Okay. Sorry, Xavier. You're stuck over in the Philippines. Yeah, I do.

35:29 - xavier ybanez
  His house looks nice, eh?

35:31 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Yeah, that's a good view. Reactivation, I think we can talk about that another time, but I'll just flag for the to-do list.

35:43 - Rowdie Lang
  I think that'll tie in with your mini magnets and the lead magnets because it's reactivation of customers that are sitting in the lead market database and all that kind of stuff.  So that's doable. Yeah, the way the best way to do it is to pick.

35:59 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  why we just it. you. What we need is a sweet spot with enough time has gone by that we can contact them.  And we should really, if the sweet spot is six months ago, we should start with actually 12 months ago.  So we trial it and we get it better and better. So by the time we hit that sweet spot, we've already got shed loads of leaves.  And a reactivation campaign is as simple as, you know, are you the rowdy that was looking for finance to get a car back in September?  How did it go? Actually, I wouldn't even say how did it go. I would just say, are you the rowdy?  You would say yes. Then I would say, oh, how did you go? Did you get a car? Yeah. then that's the conversation.  Yeah. Okay. Other things on my list is I need to send you the GHL subscription link. Just got to work out how to do that because we've already set up an account.  So it's different to the onboarding link that we would send you. So I need to work that out. SMS, I think we're going to use Twilio.  So it will be. A different number to any of the ones that you use currently. Is that okay? Yeah, it's okay.  That works.

37:07 - Rowdie Lang
  It's the same thing. When they message out of their CRMs, it's a different number again as well. Yeah.

37:15 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Okay. So Xavier is working with George to build a project scope, which is why it's good that he was here.  And so we're aiming to get that done Wednesday-ish. So did I already?

37:35 - Rowdie Lang
  Nope. You're frozen. Yeah, I think he's frozen.

37:39 - xavier ybanez
  Can you hear me now? Yeah, he's back.

37:43 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  You're going to check out to see what Nathan's availability was for Wednesday or Thursday?

37:48 - Rowdie Lang
  Yeah, he's come back for Wednesday and said any like from nine o'clock, but I can see on the calendar at the moment that we've got another lender coming in here at nine o'clock on Wednesday.  Yeah. Yeah.

37:59 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Um.

38:00 - Rowdie Lang
  So I might try and see if we can do 10, 10 o'clock. I'll just check that with him. I got a 10 and an 11.

38:10 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Okay. Midday? Midday?

38:15 - Rowdie Lang
  I'll check. I can. I'll just make sure he can, because it's going to be an important meeting to have everyone there, I reckon.  Yeah.

38:23 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Otherwise, I mean, even Thursday might be better, actually, just to give the guys an extra day to put it together.  So if it's better for him, could do Thursday afternoon. could do... Afternoon is always better, because Xavier is two hours behind.

38:42 - Rowdie Lang
  We've got a meeting in the afternoon with our current aggregator at 4 o'clock on Thursday. Yeah. Oh, sorry. When I say afternoon, I mean from 1 onwards.  And then we've got to catch up with LMG at 12 o'clock. So there's... Put a little gap in there, but I probably would be hesitant to book in it in case one of those, it just takes one meeting to go over, and then that's going to get wiped out.

39:09 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Yeah, okay. All right, so have a look, maybe the later on Wednesday the better, otherwise... Let's see if we can do in the afternoon on Wednesday.

39:25 - Rowdie Lang
  I'll check. Yeah, okay, cool.

39:27 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Maybe even like a 2pm would be good. Yep, I will double check.

39:33 - Rowdie Lang
  Otherwise, there's a gap in the morning for us from 10 o'clock through till midday-ish on Thursday. This week, just for whatever reason, happens to be where all of these different catch-ups we've been trying to organise for the last couple of weeks have all gone.  So each day's got multiple things in it.

39:55 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  I could probably do a 10 o'clock, that meeting I have. But 10 on Thursday is optional. So I could do a 10.

40:04 - Rowdie Lang
  I reckon that would work if you want to tentatively do that. And then I'll just get the final go ahead.  Yeah. Okay.

40:11 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Xavier, are you good? Eight o'clock Filipino time on Thursday? Yeah, yes, James. Yeah. you want to put a provisional meeting in for me, Rowdie, Nathan, George?  I'll go talk to George and see whether he's all right.

40:29 - xavier ybanez
  So I'll send you Nathan and Rowdie's email addresses.

40:35 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  All right.

40:36 - Rowdie Lang
  And between now and then, if you've got any questions, if there's anything you want clarity on, whatever, just reach out to me.  Happy to jump on another Google Meet. Happy to jump on a phone call, whatever it is, just so you guys can get all the info you need coming into that meeting.  No problem. Sweet. But James is going to... Give me a big checklist, big to-do list that I'll have to sort out anyway.  Yeah. Cool.

41:13 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  All right. I think that's good. Are you happy? You okay? Yeah. on your list? Yeah. That's your job.

41:19 - Rowdie Lang
  I was being driven by what you guys brought to this meeting, so I haven't prepared anything, so it's all good.

41:26 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Yeah, cool. Yeah. I wish there were more rowdies around, like you make for a very easy client. You got the data, happy to do the work, always happy.  Yep.

41:38 - Rowdie Lang
  That's the job, right? It's just because I enjoy it. It's because I enjoy it.

41:43 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  And I'm passionate about it.

41:46 - Rowdie Lang
  I mean, I was working on this marketing system all over the weekend, getting it to pick holes in itself and figure out what's right, what's wrong, because there were bits and pieces of routines that was dropping out for no reason.  So, yeah, pretty.

42:01 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  I spent the weekend, well, part of it, the bit that I was working on, trying to get an honest AI, because one of the big complaints about, especially Claude, is that it's sycphantic, or it's just a sycphant platform, just tells you what you want to hear constantly.  So I installed a couple of things. One was a council, so it spins up multiple different types. Oh, seen this.  I saw it this morning, man. Yeah.

42:27 - Rowdie Lang
  So like someone that's more agreeable, one that's going to kind of question everything a bit harder, one that's not using any of the context and just looks at the problem like objectively from an outsider's perspective.  That's cool.

42:40 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  Yeah, I put my own, like the guy who came up with it, came up with it over six months ago, or six months ago, November.  So it's a bit outdated. So I put my own spin on it. And I've got two versions, one that operates in OpenClaw, so it's actually pulling different models, and another that's just in Claude.  And then I also did a lot of work just on honest They are just prompting it to be realistic, to, yeah, created a skill for it.  And it's actually pretty good. They're both pretty good. Different use cases. That's cool.

43:14 - Rowdie Lang
  All right. All right, gents. Catch you later.

43:19 - James Killick (Devwiz)
  See ya. Bye. All right.